DOC-4313: General info about onlyoffice add-on (#124)
exoplatform/exo-documentation: docs/OnlyOffice.rst

.. _OnlyOffice:

#############################

> OnlyOffice Connector by eXo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OnlyOffice Connector for eXo
```

#############################

**What is OnlyOffice**

> `OnlyOffice <https://www.onlyoffice.com/>`__ is a *partner editor service* 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`OnlyOffice Online Editors <https://www.onlyoffice.com/office-suite.aspx>`__ is a great open source solution 
```

> that allows you to create, edit  and collaborate online on your office 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that lets you to create, edit  and collaborate online on your office 
```

> documents.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
documents. OnlyOffice editors are 100% compatible with the following Microsoft Office document formats : docx, pptx and xlsx.
```

|image0|

> .. note:: The supported documents types are: docx, pptx and xlsx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: OnlyOffice is 100% compatible with the following Microsoft Office document formats : docx, pptx and xlsx.
```

> eXo OnlyOffice connector add-on is available only with the **commercial 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
eXo partnered with OnlyOffice to offer the enterprise-ready version of OnlyOffice editors to its customers along with the **commercial
```

Author: Looks like a typing error I will change the second eXo by OnlyOffice online editors

Reviewer: yes, my bad

Reviewer: fixed and slightly reworked

> .. note:: OnlyOffice is 100% compatible with the following Microsoft Office document formats : docx, pptx and xlsx.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> editions of eXo Platform**. In addition, it requires the purchase of a dedicated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
editions of eXo Platform**. Thus, eXo customers are required to purchase a
```

> add-on subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dedicated subscription to run the OnlyOffice connector add-on on their eXo Platform instance.
```

> eXo partnered with OnlyOffice to offer the enterprise-ready version of OnlyOffice editors to its customers along with the **commercial

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: eXo partnered with OnlyOffice to offer the enterprise-ready version of OnlyOffice editors to its customers along with the **commercial editions of eXo Platform**. Thus, eXo customers are required to purchase a dedicated subscription to run the OnlyOffice connector add-on on their eXo Platform instance. However, a 30-day trial is prepackaged with the connector in order to test-drive the editors before purchase.
```

> Having the above buisiness conditions satisfied, you can install the add-on using this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, a 30-day trial is prepackaged. You can test-drive the connector by installing the add-on using this command:
```

> editions of eXo Platform**. Thus, eXo customers are required to purchase a

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> dedicated subscription to run the OnlyOffice connector add-on on their eXo Platform instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> However, a 30-day trial is prepackaged. You can test-drive the connector by installing the add-on using this command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install the add-on, use the following command:
```
